Wordlists
Wordlists, sometimes referred to as
dictionary files, are simply text files
containing words for use as input to
programs designed to test passwords.
Precision is generally more important
than coverage
when considering a dictionary attack,
meaning it’s more important to create a
lean wordlist of relevant passwords
than it is to create an enormous,
generic wordlist.
Because of this, many wordlists are
based on a common theme,
such as popular culture references,
specific industries, or geographic
regions.
Kali Linux includes a number of
these dictionary files
in the /usr/share/wordlists directory
and many more are hosted online.
When conducting a password attack, it may
be tempting
to simply use these pre-built lists.
However, we can be much more effective
in our approach
if we take the time to carefully build
our own custom lists.
In this section, we’ll examine tools and
approaches to create effective wordlists.